DP0 Virtual Summer School 2023
Post-summer school update

Update, June 23, 2023: This meeting has already taken place. See the list of Videos for links to the recordings of all sessions.
Overview

Dates: June 12-16, 2023

Times (delegates may attend either session):

Session A: 8:00-11:00 PDT (15:00-18:00 UTC)

Session B: 19:00-21:00 PDT (02:00-04:00 UTC; +1 day)

Location: virtual

Eligibility: All DP0 delegates are eligible to register for the DP0 Virtual Summer School. There is currently space available for new DP0 delegates: for more information about how to become a delegate, see the New delegate checklist.

What is DP0? Data Preview 0.2 (DP0.2), which was released on June 30, 2022, is based on simulated Legacy Survey of Space and Time (LSST)-like images that were generated by the Dark Energy Science Collaboration (DESC), and then processed with the LSST Science Pipelines to provide data products in the same format as future (real) data releases. These data products can be accessed and analyzed via the web-based Rubin Science Platform (RSP).

Goals. The goal of this DP0 Virtual Summer School is to introduce any data-rights holding scientist (from undergraduate student to faculty/staff) to the DP0.2 dataset and the RSP and to provide an accelerated learning experience enabling research on Rubin data with a focus on the DP0.2 dataset. In order to develop a thriving Rubin science community, another key goal of the Virtual Summer School is to provide opportunities for networking, collaboration, and new-skill acquisition for participants.

Schedule. The Virtual Summer School will span 5 days between June 12 - 16, where each day will be split into two 2-3 hr sessions to accommodate the international time-zones of the participants. The curriculum will cover key utilities of the RSP (e.g., Catalogs, Images, TAP, Butler) with guided tutorials by members of the Rubin Community Engagement Team, and there will be dedicated time for collaborative discussions and hack sessions. The primary meeting platform will be Zoom.
Registration form

Registration is closed, as the Summer School has already taken place.
Science Organizing Committee

CST Members: Jeff Carlin, Gloria Fonseca Alvarez, Melissa Graham, Ryan Lau, Douglas Tucker

Delegate Members: Louise Edwards, Nandini Hazra, Vincenzo Petrecca, Fabio Ragosta
